Someone will contact you later.
You tell him the information about that forestry.
Someone will get rid of him
Tell him about the Zhao family and the Kunlun grandmother
I seem to be downstairs in the hotel
I saw Zhao Yu and the Lord
This Zhao Yu
Sure enough, some means
This new lord
I had seen him before I had met him.
So what?
About to integrate into the Kunlun lineage is our Lei family
That being said
But never take it lightly
Right.
And that Hu Xinxin can be favored by the Lord
The spell calls him the mother
Obviously, the Lord has taken a fancy to him
Strange to say
Hu Jinxing was also at a loss.
He doesn't seem to know that the Lord wants to invite
Also called him the mistress
Perhaps the Lord has been following him
But very low key
No complaints.
This time I heard that Hu Xinxin got divorced.
This is about to reveal your identity.
This Hu Xinxin looks very ordinary
How can the Lord like him?
And he's divorced.
It's too urgent.
Lord's business
How can you and I speculate?
The gift for the Lord has arrived
I'm going to pick you up in person
Tell them about the forestry
Do it now
Stop making jokes
Okay, there's more?
The inheritance ceremony and the selection banquet will be held together in three days.
What if you could be selected for dim sum?
It's a surprise
Don't worry dad
You and I are choosing
There must be a seat outside
My personality depends on someone else
in the eyes